{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh14840\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Algebra v1.3\
"Why do we need to study algebra? We'll never use it in real life..." Anybody else remember saying that?\
\
Module ID: algebra\
\
Created by: Royal_Flu$h\
Inspired by: Red031000\
TwitchPlays implemented by: Riverbui\
Manual overhaul by: Timwi\
\
Manual available here: https://ktane.timwi.de/HTML/Algebra.html\
---\
Build 1.3 notes:\
- Button renderers replaced with proper keypads and appropriate textures.\
- TP commands simplified. Thanks to Riverbui.\
\
Build 1.21 notes:\
- Typo corrected in TwitchPlays code. Thanks to Riverbui.\
- Logging improved. Thanks to Rexkix.\
\
Build 1.2 notes:\
- Four new formulae added at Level 3. Thanks to Timwi and Red031000 for help with the maths!\
- Typo on true \'91Z\'92 value rules amended. Thanks to Riverbui.\
- \'93Free pass\'94 on Level 3 amended.\
- Manual overhaul. Thanks to Timwi.\
- Manual pdf located to correct folder. Thanks to PeterRed4091 and Timwi.\
- Clear/submit buttons set correctly on the module.\
- Preview image updated.\
\
Build 1.1 notes:\
- Typo corrected in Level 2/equation #4. Thanks to Sean.\
- Divide sign replaced with `;\'92 in logging details. Thanks to Timwi.\
- Unity.Texture label removed from equation readout in logging. Thanks to Timwi.\
- Module preview now includes an equation. Thanks to Red031000.\
\
Build 1.0 notes:\
- Initial release}